ANNOUNCER: We've seen
battle after ferocious battle
here at the Kalos League,
and now it's time
for our final match!
ANNOUNCER: So let's
welcome the two Trainers
who have battled
their way here with honor!
ANNOUNCER: Ash!
ANNOUNCER: And Alain!
MAIRIN: You can do it, Alain!
ASH: It's finally time.
Man, Alain's strong.
We're gonna have to
give it all we've got!
ALAIN: I've really been looking
forward to this battle with Ash.
But I won't let him win it,
no matter what!
ANNOUNCER: And here's our first
battlefield for the finals!
ANNOUNCER: It's water and rock!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: It's the final round!
Who will emerge victorious?
Will it be Ash...
NARRATOR:
or Alain? We'll find out soon!
REFEREE: The Kalos League
battle between Ash and Alain
is about to get under way!
REFEREE: When all six of
either Trainer's Pokémon
are unable to continue,
the battle will be over!
In addition,
when three of the Pokémon on
one side are unable to continue,
the battlefield will change.
REFEREE: Bring out your Pokémon!
ASH: Pikachu, I choose you!
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
ALAIN: Tyranitar, GO!
TYRANITAR: [APPEARING]
PIKACHU: [BRACING]
ASH: This could be trouble.
SAWYER: What do you know?
Alain's battling
with a Tyranitar!
CLEMONT: And since Tyranitar's
Ability is Sand Stream,
that will make it hard for
Pikachu to see and move around.
SERENA:
Don't worry. Ash can handle it!
BONNIE: Go get 'em, Ash!
Go get , Pikachu!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
REFEREE:
All right, battle begin!
ASH: Get ready, Alain
ALAIN: Bring it on, Ash!
ALAIN: Tyranitar, Dark Pulse!
TYRANITAR: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
ASH: That's it! Pikachu, get
to the water and use Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
TYRANITAR: [CONFUSED]
ASH: Thunderbolt, quick!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
TYRANITAR: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Not bad!
TYRANITAR: [IMPACT]
PIKACHU: [PLEASED]
SERENA/BONNIE: All right!
CLEMONT: They cleared the
sandstorm
with a splash of water!
SAWYER:
And water conducts electricity,
so using Thunderbolt
was a great strategy!
Ash is doing great!
ASH: And we're just
getting warmed up. Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
ALAIN: Stone Edge, GO!
TYRANITAR: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
ALAIN: Hit it with your tail!
TYRANITAR: [EFFORT]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
ASH:
Hit 'em back Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
TYRANITAR: [SURPRISED]
ALAIN: Wait for it to land,
then use Crunch!
TYRANITAR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
TYRANITAR: [CRUNCH MOVE]
ASH: Quick, Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
TYRANITAR: [DETERMINED]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: Now! Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
TYRANITAR: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Tyranitar's unable
to battle! Pikachu's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
An impressive win, no doubt!
And Ash is off to an early lead!
ASH: We've got one
win right out of the box!
PIKACHU: [PROUD]
SERENA/BONNIE: All right!
TIERNO:
Wow, that was a quick victory!
TREVOR: Having the first win
totally puts Ash
in the driver's seat!
CLEMONT: If he gets five
more wins, he's the Champion!
DIANTHA: Ash has really been
on fire since the semifinals.
SYCAMORE: Yeah.
ALAIN: And I can't return.
I lost far too many things
after I left for my journey.
Until I can get them back
I have to become much,
much stronger.
SYCAMORE: Alain, what feelings
are you holding inside?
MALVA:
It's the Kalos League finals,
and the fans are
beside themselves!
However, the battle
is only just beginning
MEOWTH: Okay, and cut!
MALVA: All right, next shot.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: Right!
JAMES: This battle won't be
a walk in the park, you know.
This kind of battling
would wear out any Pokémon.
JESSIE: But once they're on
empty, that's when we swoop in.
Team Rocket for the win!
MEOWTH:
First we'll grab the winner's
and the runner‐up's Pokémon,
including Pikachu, of course,
and those dumb Twerpy dimwits
won't know what
they're gonna do!
MALVA: We've got work to do
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
A‐working we will go!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: Awesome!
Pikachu, now why
don't you rest up for now?
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Noivern! I choose you!
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
ALAIN: This feeling
I've been waiting for it.
Let's go, Weavile!
ANNOUNCER: Our next battle
is between Noivern and Weavile!
ASH: 'Kay, vern, Supersonic!
NOIVERN: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
ALAIN: Weavile, Protect!
WEAVILE: [PROTECT MOVE]
ALAIN: Night Slash!
WEAVILE: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
NOIVERN: [SURPRISED]
ASH: Supersonic!
NOIVERN: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
ALAIN: Now, Ice Beam!
WEAVILE: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
ASH: Use Boomburst!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
ASH: Now, Dragon Claw!
NOIVERN: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
WEAVILE: [NERVOUS]
ALAIN: Double Team, go!
WEAVILE: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
ASH: Use Supersonic
and find the real one!
NOIVERN: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
ASH: There it is!
ALAIN: Dodge!
NOIVERN: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
WEAVILE: [EFFORT]
ALAIN: Use Ice Beam!
WEAVILE: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, quick!
NOIVERN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIVERN: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Night Slash!
WEAVILE: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
NOIVERN: [PAINED]
WEAVILE: [EFFORT]
NOIVERN: [STUNNED]
REFEREE:
Noivern is unable to battle!
Weavile's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
Weavile comes out on top
by aiming an Ice Beam
at Noivern's wings!
ASH: Noivern!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
NOIVERN: [PAINED]
ASH: Noivern, are you okay?
HAWLUCHA: [CONCERNED]
NOIVERN: [WEAK]
HAWLUCHA: [REASSURING]
NOIVERN: [GRATEFUL]
ASH: Noivern, take a good rest.
ASH: 'Kay ll yours!
HAWLUCHA: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE: Uh, Noivern...
CLEMONT: Now both
sides are all evened up.
SERENA: It's okay.
Hawlucha will get Weavile back.
ASH: Hawlucha, let's go!
HAWLUCHA: [CONFIDENT]
ASH: Hawlucha, use Karate Chop!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Dodge it!
WEAVILE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
WEAVILE: [EXERTION]
ANNOUNCER: And Hawlucha
launches a fierce attack!
Weavile can barely dodge it!
SAWYER: Fighting‐type moves
are especially effective
against Weavile.
That was a good call.
CLEMONT: But that's
only if they make contact.
Weavile's totally
aware of what's going on.
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
WEAVILE: [EFFORT]
ALAIN: Now, direct Ice Beam
at Hawlucha's feet!
WEAVILE: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
HAWLUCHA:
[STRUGGLING] / [FOCUSED]
ASH: An ice field, huh...
HAWLUCHA: [UNDERSTANDING]
ALAIN: Ice Beam, let's go!
WEAVILE: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
ASH: Stay right where you are!
HAWLUCHA: [EFFORT]
HAWLUCHA: [TAUNTING]
ALAIN: Now use Night Slash!
WEAVILE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Not yet
WEAVILE: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [EFFORT]
HAWLUCHA: [CONFIDENT]
TIERNO: Oh wow!
CLEMONT: It's using the
ice to reduce any damage!
ALAIN: We'll try this again.
Night Slash!
WEAVILE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Hang in there!
HAWLUCHA: [DETERMINED]
WEAVILE: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
ANNOUNCER: And it's a
ferocious attack from Weavile!
Is that it for Hawlucha?
ANNOUNCER: No, it's standing!
Hawlucha is still standing!
HAWLUCHA: [PROUD]
WEAVILE: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH: Hawlucha takes
an opponent's attacks
and just keeps on
getting stronger!
ASH: Look out, Alain
ALAIN: As you wish! Night Slash!
WEAVILE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: All right, Hawlucha, go!
HAWLUCHA: [EFFORT]
WEAVILE: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
WEAVILE: [SHOCKED]
HAWLUCHA: [EFFORT]
ASH: Now! Flying Press!
HAWLUCHA: [FLYING PRESS MOVE]
WEAVILE: [SCARED]
HAWLUCHA: [PROUD]
WEAVILE: [STUNNED]
REFEREE:
Weavile's unable to battle!
So, Hawlucha's the winner!
ASH: All right!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ANNOUNCER: Hawlucha pulls
off a turnaround victory
with a sharp aerial attack!
SERENA: Hawlucha was great!
CLEMONT: Ash really used
Hawlucha's fighting style
to the max!
SAWYER:
Yeah. Hawlucha believes in Ash
and Ash believes in Hawlucha...
SERENA: That's for sure!
Trust is what Ash is all about!
LYSANDRE:
Ash has some fine Pokémon.
MAIRIN: Alain...You can do it!
ALAIN: Bisharp! Let's go!
BISHARP: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: And Alain's
third Pokémon will be Bisharp!
ASH: Be sure to
stay focused, Hawlucha!
HAWLUCHA: [DETERMINED]
ALAIN: Thunder Wave!
BISHARP: [THUNDER WAVE MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
ASH: Uh oh, Hawlucha, NO!
ANNOUNCER:
That was Bisharp's Thunder Wave!
With damage from
the last battle,
Hawlucha's in a jam!
ASH: Stand up, Hawlucha!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Use Guillotine!
BISHARP: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: X‐Scissor!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BISHARP: [GUILLOTINE MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
BISHARP: [PAINED]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
ASH: Now! High Jump Kick!
HAWLUCHA: [HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
BISHARP: [SURPRISED]
ALAIN: Dodge it!
BISHARP: [EFFORT]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Guillotine, go!
BISHARP: [GUILLOTINE MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
HAWLUCHA: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Hawlucha is unable
to battle! Bisharp's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
And there you have it!
That was the
powerful move, Guillotine!
TIERNO:
I thought Ash had the advantage.
He was up with two wins.
TREVOR: But Alain evened
the score. That guy's tough.
ASH: Awesome, Hawlucha.
You were great.
Now take a good rest.
ALAIN: Battling against
Ash is a lot of fun.
I don't remember the last
time I've had so much fun!
It allows me to forget
about time completely.
ALAIN: Unfezant, let's GO!
UNFEZANT: [APPEARING]
ASH: Talonflame, you're up!
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
TALONFLAME: [CONFIDENT]
UNFEZANT: [CONFIDENT]
TALONFLAME/ UNFEZANT: [EXCITED]
ASH/ALAIN: Steel Wing, let's go!
UNFEZANT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
TALONFLAME: [AFFIRMATIVE]
TALONFLAME: [STEEL WING MOVE]
UNFEZANT: [STEEL WING MOVE]
ANNOUNCER: Tremendous impact!
ASH: Talonflame, Flame Charge!
TALONFLAME: [AFFIRMATIVE]
UNFEZANT: [CALLING]
ALAIN: Use Sky Attack!
UNFEZANT: [SKY ATTACK MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
ALAIN: Air Slash!
UNFEZANT: [DETERMINED]
UNFEZANT: [AIR SLASH MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, Talonflame!
TALONFLAME: [EFFORT]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: Ramp up your speed!
With a Flame Charge!
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
ALAIN: Dodge it!
UNFEZANT: [EFFORT]
ALAIN: Use Sky Attack!
UNFEZANT: [SKY ATTACK MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [STARTLED]
ASH: All right,
Talonflame, Brave Bird!
TALONFLAME: [BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
UNFEZANT: [SKY ATTACK MOVE]
ANNOUNCER: And Brave Bird
and Sky Attack collide head‐on!
BONNIE: What just happened?
ASH: Talonflame!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
TALONFLAME/ UNFEZANT: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Talonflame and Unfezant
are both unable to battle!
ANNOUNCER: That huge aerial
collision has resulted in
a double knock out!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE, ACT
BREAK: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"It's Metagross!"
ANNOUNCER: There are just three
Pokémon remaining per side,
so it's time for
a new battlefield!
CLEMONT: Three against three
That means the final
match is all tied up,
which can be tricky.
TREVOR: One little mistake
can turn everything around.
That's the kind
of battle this is.
TIERNO: Yeah. I'm nervous
and I'm in the audience!
CLEMONT:
I'm not sure if you know this,
but Ash has never
beaten Alain before.
SHAUNA:
Alain's really that strong?
SERENA: But that was
the Ash from the past.
Ash is a lot stronger
now than he was back then.
ASH: Three Pokémon left...
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
ASH:
Yeah! I've got my whole team!
And all of you
know you've got me!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Hey, Alain!
Let's have fun to the end!
ALAIN: What a competitor!
Seeing his expression
makes me want to battle
with everything I've got!
This is why I was so
focused on battling him!
MAIRIN:
Look at that. He's smiling.
I've never seen that before.
LYSANDRE:
Really? Well. Here we go.
LYSANDRE: The finals'
climax will soon be upon us.
Every eye, and I mean
every eye all over the world,
will be focused on Lumiose City.
ANNOUNCER: The exciting
Kalos League finals continue!
Our second‐half
battlefield is grass.
What kind of effect
will this change have
on our battlers' strategies?
REFEREE: Bring out your Pokémon!
ASH: Pikachu, I choose you!
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
ALAIN: Metagross, let's go!
METAGROSS: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER:
Once again, Ash chooses Pikachu,
who will now face off
against Alain's Metagross!
REFEREE: Battle begin!
ASH: All right,
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Use Agility!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
METAGROSS: [AGILITY MOVE]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
METAGROSS: [THREATENING]
ASH: Move! Quick!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Get closer!
PIKACHU/METAGROSS: [EXERTION]
ALAIN: Metal Claw!
METAGROSS: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Rock Slide!
METAGROSS: [ROCK SLIDE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Way to go, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [EXPECTANT]
ALAIN: Meteor Mash, go!
METAGROSS: [METEOR MASH MOVE]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: Pikachu!
MEOWTH:
It wouldn't be too shabby if we
got that mighty
Metagross on our team!
JAMES: But I always
have mixed emotions
observing the Pikachu
who's given us so much trouble
all of this time.
A crisis of
Twerpish proportions.
JESSIE:
It doesn't matter who wins.
We'll simply grab both of them!
JAMES: Right. Simplicity's best.
PIKACHU: [EXHAUSTED]
ALAIN:
Wrap this up! Use Meteor Mash!
METAGROSS: [METEOR MASH MOVE]
ASH:
Come on, Pikachu. Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
METAGROSS: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Oh NO!
ANNOUNCER: And Pikachu
hangs in there with gusto!
ASH: Jump on Metagross!
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
METAGROSS: [SURPRISED]
ALAIN: Shake it off!
PIKACHU/METAGROSS:
[STRUGGLING][FRANTIC]
ASH: Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt, let's go!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
METAGROSS: [PAINED]
ANNOUNCER: It's a surprise
Thunderbolt from Pikachu!
Can Metagross withstand it?
SAWYER: As long as Pikachu's
on top, Metagross can't attack!
CLEMONT: But will
Metagross go down first,
or will Pikachu
get shaken off first?
BONNIE: Good luck, Pikachu!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
METAGROSS: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
ANNOUNCER:
Metagross is struggling!
That Thunderbolt is powerful!
ALAIN: Come on, Metagross!
METAGROSS: [ROARING]
PIKACHU: [YELLING]
METAGROSS: [EXHAUSTED]
ASH: Pikachu, use Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
METAGROSS: [PAINED]
REFEREE: Metagross is
unable to battle! Pikachu wins!
ASH: Way to go!
PIKACHU: [TRIUMPHANT]
ANNOUNCER:
What a comeback by Pikachu!
An amazing turnaround!
BONNIE: Yes yay! All right!
SERENA:
Now it's three against two!
TIERNO: Ash is back in the lead!
CLEMONT:
But he's up against Alain.
He can't lose focus!
SAWYER: And Pikachu's
taken a lot of damage.
DIANTHA: Talk about a surprise
SYCAMORE:
It's not over until it's over.
I think Ash can still
pull this battle off.
JAMES: Yess!
JAMES: Hey, time out!
If it doesn't
matter who wins this,
then I'm simply
cheering for the Twerp.
ALAIN: Charizard, let's go!
CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
SERENA:
Look! Charizard's up next!
CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [BRACING]
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
CHARIZARD: [GREETING]
ASH: 'Kay. N
You've really gotta bring it!
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
ASH: Use Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [PAINED]
ASH: Now, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [PAINED]
ANNOUNCER: From Quick Attack
to Thunderbolt,
Pikachu's really ramping it up!
BONNIE: Wow, it's working!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SAWYER: Thunderbolt is effective
against Charizard! Good idea!
SERENA:
Oh Ash Pikachu Good luck!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
NARRATOR:
Will Pikachu emerge victorious?
Or will it be Charizard?
And who will earn
the prestigious title
of Kalos League Champion?
The white‐hot battle
between Ash and Alain
is nearing its conclusion,
so stay tuned,
as the journey continues!